Update getting-started.md (#3464)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/introduction/getting-started.md

You can install those CRDs outside of `helm` using:
```bash

> kubectl apply -k "https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets//config/crds/bases?ref=v0.9.17"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl apply -k "https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets//config/crds/bases?ref=<replace_with_your_version>"
```
